# Deepa-Agarwal
We are urgently looking for a Full Stack Developer. I went through your profile and it matches the company's requirements. Here I am sharing the details with you, please go through it and let me know if you would like to apply for the same.     Company Profile - https://getinstacash.in/  Responsibilities:-  ● Develop proposed Web APIs to be consumed by various Mobile &amp; Web-based applications. ● Developed various proposed functionality for web-based applications. ● Build reusable and optimized code ● Designing and developing database, database queries in order to ensure optimized performance for fetching/inserting values in the database. ● Preparing test cases for unit testing. ● Assure that all user input is validated before submitting to the back-end ● Assure that defined best coding practices have been implemented while making APIs/ Functionality. ● Identifying various third-party libraries which can be used in proposed functionality.  Requirements:-  ● Bachelors in Computer Science or other relevant certifications with work experience in front end development ● More than 2 years of relevant work experience ● Have prior experience of working on various web applications.  ● Good Exposure of MEAN Stack. ● Good understanding of asynchronous request handling, partial page updates, and AJAX ● Experience in developing web APIs in Azure Functions with Node.js ● Proficient understanding of developing APIs for handling requests from the Web as well as mobile-based platforms. ● Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git. ● Good understanding of Coding Practices ● Experience in working with third-party libraries to be included for analytics. ● Knowledge of Firebase.     Kindly share your confirmation along with your updated resume for further processing in case you are interested in the above-shared opportunity.  Required Details -  Current CTC Expected CTC Notice Period Current Location  Candidates are requested to share their updated resume at - deepa.agarwal@impetusconsult.in
